Add audit log UI (#16)
cerbos/cloud-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/audit-log-collection.adoc

====

== Accessing the logs

Once collection is enabled, the logs can accessed via the _Audit logs_ tab in Cerbos Hub. From here you can select which logs to view:

=== Decision logs

> The decision logs are records of the authorization decisions made by the Cerbos PDP. These logs provide detailed information about each decision, including the input parameters, the policy evaluation process, and the final decision result (i.e., whether access was allowed or denied). Decision logs are particularly useful for auditing, troubleshooting, and understanding how Cerbos policies are being applied in real-world scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The decision logs are records of the authorization decisions made by the Cerbos PDP. These logs provide detailed information about each decision, including the inputs, Cerbos policies evaluated, and the `ALLOW/DENY` decisions along with any outputs from rule evaluation. Besides providing a comprehensive audit trail, these records can be used for troubleshooting purposes and to understand how Cerbos policies are used within your organization.
```

> There are two views in this section. The JSON view shows the raw decision logs, whilst the decision view shows the same data in a more human-readable format. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two views in this section. The JSON view provides access to the raw log entry while the decision view provides a compact view consisting of the most pertinent details extracted from the log entry.
```

image:audit_logs_decision.png[alt="Decision logs",role="center-img"]

image:audit_logs_decision_json.png[alt="Decision logs JSON",role="center-img"]

In the decision view, clicking on a log entry will open the details pane which shows the full request and response data, including the principal, resource, action, policy decision, and other metadata. In the case of a `PlanResources` request, the detailed plan is also shown.

image:audit_logs_decision_detail.png[alt="Decision logs detail",role="center-img"]

> You can filter the logs by a particular PDP, principal, resource kind, action, or policy decision, as well as by time range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to viewing a particular time range, you can further filter the logs by a particular PDP ID, principal, resource kind, action, or policy decision as well.
```

=== Access logs

image:audit_logs_access.png[alt="Access logs",role="center-img"]

> The access logs are records of all the authorization requests received by the Cerbos PDP. These logs provide a high-level overview of incoming requests. Access logs are primarily used for monitoring, observability, and security purposes, giving insights into how and when the authorization service is being used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The access logs are records of all the API requests received by the Cerbos PDP. The valid `CheckResources` and `PlanResources` API calls would have a corresponding decision log entry with the the same call ID. API requests that are invalid or unauthenticated are logged as well and can be used for identifying misconfigured clients or unauthorized access attempts.
```
